We're able to communicate with a server that is great.
Let's now come back to some core features our application needs.
Besides being able to store and persist our data.
And for that since we're managing places people can book maps comes to mind specifically Google Maps
will add Google Maps to our application here to make sure that users can pick a place or pick the place
on the map where their location is.
When you add a new location when you add a new offer we'll also use an API provided by Google that translates
coordinates into a real address that we can display to humans and we'll use to Google Maps static image
API or static Maps API to display a preview ofthe location on our screens.
So that's what we'll do.
Well first of all focus on setting up the Google Maps API or actually API is dead.
We will use in this course and as a second step we will then make sure that we actually add all these
things to the application.
Now obviously it does as an example or we're using some service here that is specific to our app but
I thought including Google maps would be pretty interesting since chances are high that in any app you're
building you will need Google Maps or you will use Google maps.
So let's get started and let's use it in this app.